Update framework comparison docs (#1133)
ExpediaGroup/graphql-kotlin: website/docs/framework-comparison.md

```

This makes changes in code directly reflect to your schema and you can still produce the `GraphQLSchema` to print and export an SDL file.

## DGS
[DGS](https://netflix.github.io/dgs/) is a GraphQL server framework for Spring Boot. It works with both Java and Kotlin.
DGS is also built on top of `graphql-java` and implements many similar features to `graphql-kotlin` and [graphql-java-kickstart/graphql-spring-boot](https://github.com/graphql-java-kickstart/graphql-spring-boot).

* Auto-configuration of server routes and request handling
* Auto-wiring of data fetchers (resolvers) to the `GraphQLSchema`
* Apollo Federation support
* Subscriptions support
* Client schema-code generation

While both libraries do very similar things, there are some minor differences which may serve different usecases better.
As with open source library, you can compare and use the right tool for the job.

### Extra Features of DGS

> * Support for a SDL-First (Schema-First) approach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for a SDL-First (Schema-First) approach
* Ability to autogenerate code stubs from the schema
```

> * Included [JsonPath](https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath) testing library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Includes [JsonPath](https://github.com/json-path/JsonPath) testing library
* Includes schema response mocking components
* Build on top of Spring MVC
```

* Included schema response mocking components
* Uses Spring MVC

### Extra Features of graphql-kotlin

> * Ability to use any server framework outside of Spring, like Ktor

Reviewer: * Supports code-first approach (generates schema from source code - does not require duplicate implementation of data fetchers, schema classes, and SDL files)
* Reference server implementation build on top of [Spring Webflux]((https://spring.io/reactive) for a reactive server stack
* Abstract server logic can be used in any framework, e.g. Ktor

* Uses [Spring Reactor](https://spring.io/reactive) for a reactive server stack
* Does not require duplicate implementation of data fetchers, schema classes, and SDL files

> * Does not require code is annotated with extra GraphQL information

Reviewer: I think this might be redundant
